Use reactive var hook (#9906)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/local-state/reactive-variables.mdx

> A query "depends on" a reactive variable if any of the query's requested fields defines a [`read` function](../caching/cache-field-behavior/#the-read-function) that reads the variable's value.

## useReactiveVar hook

The `useReactiveVar` hook can be used to read from a reactive variable in a way that allows the React component to rerender if/when the variable is next updated.

Previously, the only way for a reactive variable to trigger a React component rerender was through the use of `useQuery`. Now you don't have to be using `useQuery` to benefit from the reactivity that `ReactiveVar<T>` provides.

> Implementing `useReactiveVar` required generalizing the `ReactiveVar<T>` API to allow arbitrary listeners (not just InMemoryCache objects) like so:

Reviewer: I think we should remove this line - very inside baseball.

```tsx
import { ReactiveVar, makeVar } from "@apollo/client";

const todosInitialValue: Todos = [
  {
    id: 0,
    completed: false,
    text: "Use Apollo Client 3"
  }
]

export const todosVar: ReactiveVar<Todos> = makeVar<Todos>(
  todosInitialValue
);

> ```

Reviewer: This example doesn't show how to use `useReactiveVar`. It could be replaced with something that demonstrates building a React component that leverages `useReactiveVar` like:

```ts
import { makeVar, useReactiveVar } from "@apollo/client";
export const cartItemsVar = makeVar([]);

export function Cart() {
  const cartItems = useReactiveVar(cartItemsVar);
  // ...
```

Author: Fixed locally.

For more information, see [Storing local state in reactive variables](./managing-state-with-field-policies/#storing-local-state-in-reactive-variables).

### useReactiveVar hook

> The `useReactiveVar` hook can be used to read from a reactive variable in a way that allows the React component to rerender if/when the variable is next updated.
> 
> Previously, the only way for a reactive variable to trigger a React component rerender was through the use of `useQuery`. Now you don't have to be using `useQuery` to benefit from the reactivity that `ReactiveVar<T>` provides.

Reviewer 2: Same suggestion about `re-render`

```suggestion
The `useReactiveVar` hook can be used to read from a reactive variable in a way that allows the React component to re-render if/when the variable is next updated.

Previously, the only way for a reactive variable to trigger a React component re-render was through the use of `useQuery`. Now you don't have to be using `useQuery` to benefit from the reactivity that `ReactiveVar<T>` provides.
```

```tsx
import { makeVar, useReactiveVar } from "@apollo/client";
export const cartItemsVar = makeVar([]);

export function Cart() {
  const cartItems = useReactiveVar(cartItemsVar);
  // ...
```

## Example application

[This example to-do list application](https://github.com/apollographql/ac3-state-management-examples/tree/master/apollo-local-state) uses reactive variables to track both the current list of to-do items and the filter that determines which items to display. See [`cache.tsx`](https://github.com/apollographql/ac3-state-management-examples/blob/master/apollo-local-state/src/cache.tsx) in particular.

> 

Reviewer 2: Nit: not sure if the two empty lines at the bottom of this file were intentional additions
